[SQS] Sqs visibility timeout documentation (#7078)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/sqs/configuration-options_visibility-timeout_sqs_[,7.3).partial.md

## Message visibility

> The message visibility timeout in Amazon SQS defines how long a message remains hidden from other consumers after being received. If a handler takes longer to process a message than the configured visibility timeout, the message becomes visible again and may be reprocessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message visibility timeout in Amazon SQS defines how long a message remains hidden from other consumers after being received. If a handler takes longer to process a message than the configured visibility timeout, the message becomes visible again and may be reprocessed by available consumers.
```

> Without a message visibility extension mechanism (supported in version 7.3 and higher), this can result in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without a message visibility extension mechanism (supported in version 7.3 and above), this can result in:
```
I think we use above terminology, but I didn't check

> - Duplicate message processing
> - Message deletion failures, causing the message to reappear
> - Inaccurate delivery attempt counts, impacting poison message detection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Duplicate message processing, wasting resources
- Message deletion failures, causing the message to reappear on the queue
- Inaccurate delivery attempt counters, impacting poison message detection
```

It's an obvious one, but the other options had more clarification

> To avoid these issues, the visibility timeout should be set to at least match the maximum expected processing time of a message.

Reviewer 2: The only option is to set it at the queue level or by enabling the hybrid mode, which comes with performance issues.

```suggestion
To avoid these issues, configure the visibility timeout at the queue level, when creating, to at least match the maximum expected processing time of a message.
```
